So we now know how to modify and describe easy to instances.
How about stopping E.S. two instances to do that.
Let's just go to our easy to class and let's just close that for a second.
And after our modified easy to instance call our method let's just add stop instance and 40 parameters
again.
I'm just going to check out the method signature for AWOS.
So both dot underscore client and let's just try stop and there is just only one method for stopping
E.S. two instances and let's see what it provides what it ask for me to stop instances.
And as you can see from except dry run I'm going to have to provide instance ID as a list and if I want
to force this shutdown force to stop behavior or actually I can just do a flag in Bhuiyan to force this
shutdown behavior.
So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to provide instance ID.
So for instance IDs I'm just going to provide a single instance ID and I'm going to provide my private
easy to instance.
So I'll say instance ID and I are just going to pass this in from my signature.
And let's just also add a print statement stopping see to instance and also the instance ID.
All right let's go back to our main implementation.
And if there is another method and let's just get a line breaker and stop instance at inside that method.
What I'm going to do is just copy and paste these lines to my stop instances method.
You can of course define these up top in your class and use it from everywhere but just showing the
way to do that.
This is just one way to do that.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to call to dot stop instance and what I'm going to pass is the
private subnet I.D. private easy to instance ID.
So to get that let's just go back to a WS console and get the private easy to instance ID.
And as you can see this is my private is two.
And I'm just going to copy the instance ID to my clipboard and I'll just get back to my method call
and I'm just going to paste it.
Here we go.
So now I can just comment this out and I can just call the stop instance method.
All right let's just run it and see what's going to happen on A W-S console.
All Heidrun and the easy to instance is must be being stopped right now.
And as you can see the state is already changed to stopping.
So this is just simple as that to work with both all three on these two as you can see.